hello everyone welcome i am rafael and
this time I bring you a gameplay
of gta 5 online as you can see in the
title the video this is not a trick
but I want to kill two birds of a
throw 'and explain why I have this
Curious white cap shaped with
what it says sweet and the second
tell them about the new possible
leds since it's going to come out for big
5 cars in its online mode that would be the
update 1 base point at first
let's take what is being the
thumbnail of the video and well this one
cap puts it on for being an evil
loser and there says sweet and well then
do not get confused, I do not think they put it on you
for making glitches and for doing tricks
money and all that you put it
basically this is the loser and
Well, they gave it to me because
the previous games only me
I went to explode the cars of others
in fact look how you can see here
There are not a few who are in
this game is 8 and almost all are
high levels of always up the
majority because they are the ones that most
like to castrate people and then I
I got this was the fourth game but
the three games I got three
previous matches and in those three
items at least two types of each
departure they exploded their car and this
fourth that I got
the hat and I said not so good landslides
I make the video I take advantage of that it attracts a
little more than reproductions in the
video by the white hat and apart
to tell them about the possible new
dlc but good as told by this
white hat you just put it
for being a loser for exploiting the
breasts of others and not to do
no trick this do not get confused and then
good this cap you take it in two
days but in our of utility in
those two days you can not play with your
friends
Now this is what I'm going to kill
some guys because I never learn and
system works this hat because I'm going to
make good use of I have 7 million but I do not
That 's why it can take advantage
to kill some guys and you can know
I did not kill him but hey this good
our days that you have the hat you
they take it away in two days and you can not play
with your friends
had already exploited this guy
because it does not explode because it does not explode
because it does not exploit years , wear a
it exploded this one I get the radio
I do not want even a mind
yes
and it did not explode
but I also killed him
I never learn like that is that good
I say in these two days that you have this
run white you can not play with your
friends
this I say neither racing missions or anything
of that I did not enter a game with them
can only play games with the
that they have correct target that is with the
they are bad losers but
they just put it on for you to explode
others' cars not for doing tricks
nor lares
Now I'm going to tell you about the
new dlc the new dlc is going to be
gta basically rich online
this one that I say rich as those who have
a lot of money because it's going to have new
things according to this there is not nothing
confirmed but it will bring many things
the first one I want to comment on is
about this one that is going good will bring three
new cars this good these three
cars are those that are being the
massacred huntley and he settled these three
cars are going to be sporting or I think that
one is going to be sedan but I'm not sure
and well, these are almost safe
that will come out in the new
gta update I say the new
update or package that go to
bring
type massacre of valentino and
business update next goes
to get out these three cars is almost certain
and well, there's going to be money to
buy the cars and along with these
three cars are going to follow more things is
possible that the expansion will also be
of properties and I say with the expansion
of properties to be able to buy a
mansion or have two more properties or
simply expand your spending there we do not
you are sure about this be everything and not
will be confirmed this guy was
physical quintero I hope he killed him
So, well, I'm telling you, it's going to bring
to be good going is almost certainly going to
be able to expand good to have more
properties or expand your garage but
good if you can have more properties
it may include a mansion so it's
to share the mansion gave him I calculate
it's going to cost a million and well
we are going to need a lot of money to
share the missions you are going to have this
rico dgt online to share the
emotion and if this is also expand your
garage you will also need money
so we're going to have what they're going to
make three new cars and have more
properties or expand your garage that
it seems more you are going to need money to
I recommend that you see the trick that
I made 2 ago about five days ago this
of gta 5 this the trick to earn money
and good limited I win 17 million
is now well also going to bring what
that have been the heist missions
and murder in robbery missions
are they going to do this rob a bank or
jewelry and all this it is almost
sure it's not done rock star what
had promised and is almost certain that
will come in the next update or
in the next I do not know which one I 'm going to
come but it is here is almost assured
this is simply to make money and
are missions are not for this to
this is not money is not because with
these robbery or murder missions go
to earn money now well they also
I want to say that it is also very likely
that there are going to be casinos, so
can bet in casinos that's why I
I say diego have money if you
They want to entertain casinos
put together some money and well, good
I think that's the most important thing
good that in the next update
we get in before they kill us and
well, apart from that also according to
will have new weapons vehicles
underwater ships and all that and then I
I say that is the current good
next update or the pro se the
next updates are going to have
very very good things of which are going to
need a lot of money and that's how
good with this I say goodbye if you liked the
video dale like share it and subscribe
for the white hat of khumbu clan we
we see until the next video see you later